You recovered well this night
You can leave the hospital soon.
Thank you doctor
eldest young master
Zhang Yongqing, this guy is really lucky
I just got the news.
He fell from that height
Only two legs were broken
Actually do it
eldest young master
This river group has forged a relationship with us
I'm afraid the threat is not small
We can't just sit back and wait
Then I'll leave this matter to you
In the name of Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
Assemble the rich families of Longguo
I vow to fight to the death with Jianghe Group
Did you two recommend it?
Must be happy
I checked with the doctor.
Here's what he said.
You have suffered successive severe head injuries
Caused partial memory loss
Simply put, it's called selective adaptation.
So?
I often dream of my wife
And an unborn child
It's all really good
Back then, you went abroad to start a business and make money
Kidnapped by an illegal fraud syndicate
He was subjected to multiple electric shocks and various tortures
He hasn't suffered anything, has he?